# Changelog
All notable changes to this project will be documented in this file.

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/),
adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html),
and is generated by [Changie](https://github.com/miniscruff/changie).

## v0.12.0 - 2025-05-11
### Added
- Support ordered lists for table of contents with 'RenderOrderedList'.

## v0.11.0 - 2025-02-02
### Changed
- goldmark: Raise minimum version to v1.7.8. This version of goldmark deprecates `Node.Text`.

## v0.10.0 - 2024-02-27
### Added
- {Extender, Transformer}: Add TitleDepth field to change the level of the Table of Contents heading.
### Changed
- Relicense to BSD3.

## v0.9.0 - 2023-11-24
### Changed
- Rename HeadingID option to TitleID. HeadingID is too generic.

## v0.8.0 - 2023-11-24
### Added
- Add a HeadingID option to specify a custom ID for the Table of Contents heading.
### Changed
- Table of Contents heading now automatically gets an ID if the Parser was given an IDs generator.

## v0.7.0 - 2023-09-11
### Added
- The new MinDepth option allows ignoring headings below the specified level.

## v0.6.0 - 2023-09-11
### Added
- The new `Compact` option removes empty nodes in the TOC. If you have >1 level of difference between headings, this will render a cleaner TOC.

## v0.5.0 - 2023-09-02
### Added
- Add a ListID attribute to Extender and Transformer.
  If set, the rendered `<ul>` will have an `id` attribute with this value.

## v0.4.0 - 2023-03-02
### Added
- Extender: Add Title field to change the Table of Contents title.
- Inspect: Add MaxDepth option to limit the depth of the Table of Contents.

## v0.3.0 - 2022-12-19
### Changed
- Change the module path to `go.abhg.dev/goldmark/toc`.

## v0.2.1 - 2021-12-15
### Fixed
- inspect: Correctly handle escaped punctuation in titles.
- render: Don't unintentionally interpret escape sequences in titles.

## v0.2.0 - 2021-04-04
### Added
- Add `toc.Transformer` to generate a table of contents to the front of any
  document parsed by a Goldmark parser.
- Add `toc.Extender` to extend a `goldmark.Markdown` object with the
  transformer.

## v0.1.0 - 2021-03-23
- Initial release.
